Title    : Does Apple Stock Have More Upside?
Source   : Trefis [full]
URL      : https://www.trefis.com/articles/602477/does-apple-stock-have-more-upside/2026-06-11
Published: 2026-06-11T22:50:53Z

Does Apple Stock Have More Upside?
June 11th, 2026
by
Trefis Team
-
9.38%
Downside
296
Market
268
Trefis
AAPL
Apple
Apple (AAPL)
stock is at an interesting point right now. It has strong momentum, and if you bet on it, you are betting on a company with strong margin, good cash flow, low-debt capital structure, and good tailwinds. But is that enough?
Why Bet On AAPL Now?
The primary driver for equity appreciation is the ongoing mix shift toward the high-margin services business. By monetizing its growing installed base of over 2.5 billion active devices, Apple is transforming its earnings profile from one dependent on cyclical hardware sales to a more predictable, high-quality, recurring revenue stream, which justifies a premium valuation.
Services revenue grew 16% YoY in Q2 FY2026 to an all-time record high of $31 billion.
The installed base of active devices now exceeds 2.5 billion, providing a large and growing base for monetization.
Services Gross Margin stood at 74.2%.
The company is successfully increasing prices on services, demonstrating pricing power within the ecosystem.
Before making any decision, it helps to understand if the above
factors align with what has been driving AAPL stock
so far, or has the market view changed?
Relevant Articles
Pay Less, Gain More: DELL Tops Apple Stock
The Real Risk Inside Apple Stock
The Growth Question Hiding in Apple Stock
5 Catalysts to Monitor Over In The Next 2 Quarters For AAPL Stock
Apple Stock Looks Strong. One Number Says Be Careful.
Apple Stock And The Signal Hiding In The CEO’s Script
How Do The Fundamentals Look?
Long-Term Profitability
: About 29.1% operating cash flow margin and 31.8% operating margin for the last 3-year average.
Strong Momentum
: Currently in the top 10th percentile of stocks in terms of “trend strength” – our proprietary momentum metric.
Revenue Growth
: Apple saw revenue growth of 12.8% LTM and 5.6% last 3-year average, but this is not a growth story
Below is a quick comparison of AAPL fundamentals with S&P medians.
AAPL
S&P Median
Sector
Information Technology
–
Industry
Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals
–
PS Ratio
9.5
3.2
PE Ratio
34.9
23.8
LTM* Revenue Growth
12.8%
7.4%
3Y Average Annual Revenue Growth
5.6%
5.8%
LTM* Operating Margin
32.6%
18.4%
3Y Average Operating Margin
31.8%
18.3%
LTM* Op Cash Flow Margin
31.1%
21.3%
3Y Average Op Cash Flow Margin
29.1%
20.1%
DE Ratio
2.0%
21.5%
*LTM: Last Twelve Months
The Bear View And The Current Investment Debate
The current investment debate on AAPLis centered around:
The core disagreement of whether the high-margin Services growth engine is durable enough to overcome global regulators actively trying to dismantle its primary monetization method, the App Store.
The prevailing sentiment is neutral. The powerful momentum from the iPhone 17 cycle (+23% growth) and high-margin services is being fully offset by the structural threat from regulators and near-term supply chain headwinds. Sentiment is neutralized by this stalemate.
Bull View
Bear View
Bulls are betting on continued monetization of the 2.5B+ device installed base, driving services growth >14% and company gross margins >48%, justifying a premium valuation for quality.
Bears are focused on the DOJ lawsuit and the EU’s DMA forcing changes to the App Store’s commission model, risking the primary profit driver and causing a significant P/E de-rating.
Understanding a bear view is one thing, but holding an investment through volatile market phases is another. It certainly makes you more resilient if you internalize
how the stock has fallen during past market crashes
. Staying invested matters.
AAPL Is Just One Of Several Such Stocks
You could also check out the following:
NVIDIA (NVDA)
Alphabet (GOOGL)
Amazon.com (AMZN)
These stocks have high operating (cash flow from operations) margins, low-debt capital structure, and strong momentum.
A portfolio that was built starting 12/31/2016 with stocks that fulfill the criteria above would have performed as follows:
Average 12-month forward returns of nearly
15%
12-month win rate (percentage of picks returning positive) of about 60%
Staying Invested Over Chasing Momentum
Chasing momentum in a single stock like AAPL is a high-stakes game. When a high-flyer hits a sudden 20% rough patch, the volatility often forces investors to panic and exit early, missing the long-term gains they were after. So how do you stay invested? Simple. Through the “Portfolio” approach.
The
Trefis High Quality Portfolio
(HQ) is designed to keep you in the game. By spreading your exposure across 30 quality stocks, it neutralizes the “all-or-nothing” risk of a single stock. It dampens the sharp, stomach-churning drops while maintaining upside exposure.
People Who Read This Also Read
SanDisk Stock’s Escape From Memory Lane
50% Upside For AVGO Stock?
Can UNH Stock Sustain Its Recent 40% Rally?
Ciena Stock To $370?
Dollar General’s Report Card Looks Great, So Why Did the Market Flinch?
Ciena’s Mountain Of Orders Is Starting To Look A Little Scary
The Big Catch in Lululemon’s Q1
How Seriously Should Investors Take SpaceX’s AI Narrative?
This 16x Earnings Semiconductor Stock Has Overlooked AI Exposure
Would You Buy IBM Stock At A 35% Discount?