Title    : Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Plots €10B Investment To Bolster Growth in Europe
Source   : Insider Monkey [full]
URL      : https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/amazon-com-inc-amzn-plots-032530521.html
Published: 2026-06-12T03:25:30Z

Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Plots €10B Investment To Bolster Growth in Europe
Abdul Rahman
Fri, June 12, 2026 at 11:25 AM GMT+8
2 min read
AMZN
+1.47%
Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:
AMZN
) is
one of the best forever stocks to buy, according to analysts
. In June, Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) announced plans to invest more than €10 billion to expand and strengthen its operations in Europe.
Photo by Anete Lusina on Pexels
The company plans to modernize its fulfillment facilities, which are at the center of its e-commerce empire. Part of the plan involves deploying next-generation robotics that can operate throughout the facilities and respond to conversational text prompts from employees. Even as the company modernizes its facilities with robots, it also plans to create 25,000 new jobs with the expansion drive.
Amazon plans to deploy its autonomous Proteus robot in Europe in the first half of 2027. It also plans to expand its STARK robotic system that handles tote placement alongside employees. Plans are also underway to offer the Amazon Now ultra-fast delivery service in Manchester and Birmingham before the year's end, following its launch in London.
The company has also committed $1 billion to employee education and training through the Career Choice program. The investment is to cover high-growth fields, including cybersecurity and software development.
Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is a multinational technology and e-commerce company. It operates a massive global marketplace connecting buyers and sellers, provides cloud computing services, produces consumer electronics, and operates expansive physical logistics and supply chain networks.
While we acknowledge the potential of AMZN as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the
best short-term AI stock
.
READ NEXT:
8 Most Profitable Crypto-Exposed Stocks to Buy Now
and
10 Best Robinhood Stocks Under $20 to Buy Now
.
Disclosure: None.
Follow Insider Monkey on Google News
.
Terms
and
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
More Info