Title : AI Integration and iPhone Growth Assert Apple Inc. (AAPL) as One of the Best Forever Stocks to Buy
Source : Insider Monkey [full]
URL : https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/ai-integration-iphone-growth-assert-032616166.html
Published: 2026-06-12T03:26:16Z

AI Integration and iPhone Growth Assert Apple Inc. (AAPL) as One of the Best Forever Stocks to Buy
Abdul Rahman
Fri, June 12, 2026 at 11:26 AM GMT+8
2 min read
AAPL
+1.39%
GOOG
+0.92%
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:
AAPL
) is
one of the best forever stocks to buy, according to analysts
. On June 6, Deep Asset Management’s Gene Munster reiterated that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is on the cusp of edging higher. Munster expects the company’s sentiment to receive a significant boost from the Worldwide Developers Conference, terming it the most important conference in the company’s 43-year history.
The tech giant is expected to showcase a redesigned Siri feature that has been in development for the past two years, further asserting its AI strategy. Enhanced AI integration is expected to enable the digital assistant to leverage personal context securely while improving information retrieval and third-party app automation.
Munster expects Apple to position the Siri app to better compete against ChatGPT, Grok, and Gemini while featuring Search or Ask Prompt powered by Google. While Apple has come under pressure for what many believe are underwhelming AI offerings, its iPhone growth has surged to 16% over the past four quarters, affirming customer loyalty. The recent sales increase has come on the back of significant upgrades to the company’s core product.
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is a global technology company that designs, manufactures, and markets consumer electronics, software, and online services. Its primary goal is creating seamless, intuitive hardware and digital services designed for everyday work, communication, and entertainment.
While we acknowledge the potential of AAPL as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the
best short-term AI stock
.
READ NEXT:
8 Most Profitable Crypto-Exposed Stocks to Buy Now
and
10 Best Robinhood Stocks Under $20 to Buy Now
.
Disclosure: None.
Follow Insider Monkey on Google News
.
Terms
and
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
More Info