Title : Corning’s (GLW) a Company Of The Future, Says Jim Cramer
Source : Insider Monkey [full]
URL : https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/corning-glw-company-future-says-065212529.html
Published: 2026-04-07T06:52:12Z

Corning’s (GLW) a Company Of The Future, Says Jim Cramer
Ramish Cheema
Tue, April 7, 2026 at 2:52 PM GMT+8
2 min read
GLW
-0.96%
SPAX.PVT
AAPL
+1.15%
Corning Incorporated (NYSE:GLW) is one of the
9 Stocks Jim Cramer Talked About & Commented On SpaceX's IPO
.
Corning Incorporated (NYSE:GLW) is another data center stock that is one of Jim Cramer’s favorites in the sector. Throughout 2025, he praised the firm for its close relationship with Apple and its plans to replace copper with glass in data centers. Corning Incorporated (NYSE:GLW)’s shares are up by a strong 273% over the past year and by 63% year-to-date. Investment bank UBS discussed the firm on March 19th. It reiterated a Buy rating and kept a $171 share price target. The bank discussed Corning Incorporated (NYSE:GLW) after attending a fiber communications conference, following which it was left with the impression that the demand for optical technologies remained robust. The bank added that even though optical technologies were seeing interest, the demand for copper nevertheless remained strong as well. In this appearance, Cramer revealed that his charitable trust owned Corning Incorporated (NYSE:GLW) and added that it was a firm poised to benefit in the future:
“. . .I just think that people have to realize, that when, Lumentum took off from March 30th, it was an amazing buy. It shows you again like. . .there’s a lot of companies getting into data centers, and as long as you open a new data center you gotta start using Lumentum. And I think it’s important. My charitable trust owns Corning, I think that’s also a great play. . .and so these are the companies of the data center of tomorrow, and here they go again.”
Pixabay/Public Domain
While we acknowledge the potential of GLW as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the
best short-term AI stock
.
READ NEXT:
33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years
and
Cathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy
.
Disclosure: None.
Follow Insider Monkey on Google News
.
Terms
and
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
More Info