Title : Here’s why Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) is one of the Best Forever Stock to Buy
Source : Insider Monkey [full]
URL : https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/why-microsoft-corporation-msft-one-032536838.html
Published: 2026-06-12T03:25:36Z

Here’s why Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) is one of the Best Forever Stock to Buy
Abdul Rahman
Fri, June 12, 2026 at 11:25 AM GMT+8
2 min read
MSFT
-1.77%
Microsoft (NASDAQ:
MSFT
) is
one of the best forever stocks to buy, according to analysts
. On June 4, TD Cowen reiterated its Buy rating on Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and set a $540 price target. The bullish stance is in response to the company asserting its AI strategy with seven new self-built models focused on fine-tuning and cost optimization.
Photo by Microsoft 365 on Unsplash
The new self-built models signal a shift in the software giant’s approach to AI development as the company moves to reduce its reliance on frontier labs for AI capabilities. The tech giant has made significant advances as it seeks to position itself around AI models, AI stack layers, and do-it-yourself applications.
As part of the new strategy, Microsoft has already allocated a significant graphics processing unit’s capacity to its internal research and development teams. The allocation underscores a new phase in the company’s ambitions for its AI portfolio. During the Build 2026 conference, the company was the center of attention, showcasing advancements in its AI platform. The company reiterated plans to help people deploy AI agents as it also builds its own version of OpenClaw.
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is a global technology giant that develops, licenses, and supports software, services, devices, and cloud solutions. It operates Microsoft Azure, a major cloud computing platform, and also develops productivity software, including the Microsoft 365 suite.
While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the
best short-term AI stock
.
READ NEXT:
8 Most Profitable Crypto-Exposed Stocks to Buy Now
and
10 Best Robinhood Stocks Under $20 to Buy Now
.
Disclosure: None.
Follow Insider Monkey on Google News
.
Terms
and
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
More Info